##Azure AI Services##
-----
Think of AI as software that exhibits one or more human-like capabilities.
1. **Visual perception** - The ability to use computer vision capabilities to accept, interpret, and process input from images, video streams, and live cameras.
2. **Text analysis and conversation** - The ability to use natural language processing (NLP) to not only "read", but also generate realistic responses and extract semantic meaning from text.
3. **Speech** - The ability to recognize speech as input and synthesize spoken output. The combination of speech capabilities together with the ability to apply NLP analysis of text enables a form of human-compute interaction that's become known as conversational AI.
4. **Decision making** - The ability to use past experience and learned correlations to assess situations and take appropriate actions. For example, recognizing anomalies in sensor readings and taking automated action to prevent failure or system damage.

**AI-related terms**
1. Data science: Data science is an interdisciplinary field that focuses on the processing and analysis of data; applying statistical techniques to uncover and visualize relationships and patterns in the data, and defining experimental models that help explore those patterns. a data scientist might gather samples of data about the population of an endangered species in a geographical area, and combine it with data about levels of industrialization and economic demographics in the same area
2. Machine learning: Data scientists often work with machine learning models. Machine learning deals with the training and validation of predictive models. Typically, a data scientist prepares the data and then uses it to train a model based on an algorithm that exploits the relationships between the features in the data to predict values for unknown labels. factors such as the number of nesting sites observed, the area of land designated as protected, the human population in the local area, the daily volume of traffic on local roads, and so on. **evaluate plan**: for housing, infrastructure, and industrial development in the local area and assess their likely impact on the local wildlife
3. Artificial intelligence: Artificial intelligence (AI) describes software that emulates one or more characteristics of human intelligence. Machine learning is a prominent approach used to create AI software. Knowledge of data science can support an understanding of artificial intelligence. a predictive model could be trained to analyze image data taken by motion-activated cameras in remote locations, and predict whether a photograph contains a sighting of the animal
